README.md, before:

# Everyone is welcome in tech. We should try to make them feel that way. ❤️ ✊

- [How This List Works](#how-this-list-works)
- [Developer Groups](#developer-groups)
- [How to Add a Group](#please-add-your-group)
- [Why Make This List?](#why)

## How this list works.

If you're planning an event, put together a simple email that says something like this:

> Hi, there!
> 
> I'm one of the organizers of {{CONF_NAME}}, and we're looking for speakers. We wanted to reach out to your community directly to let you know the call for proposals is open at {{CFP_LINK}}. We think the members of your group could offer a lot to our attendees, and we'd like to invite them all to submit ideas.
> 
> You can find out more about the conference at {{CONF_LINK}}, or reach out to me directly with any questions.
>
> If you're comfortable with it, we'd really appreciate it if you'd share the CFP with your community.
>
> Thanks!  
> {{YOUR_NAME}}

You can send this email to every group at once, if you'd like — though it'd probably pay dividends to personalize it a bit — and this ensures that your CFP is seen in as many communities as possible, encouraging submissions from a diverse group of developers and driving up the quality of the talks at your event.

## Developer Groups

Groups are in alphabetical order. Want to add your group? [Here's how!](#please-add-your-group)

- Black Girls Code: [site](http://www.blackgirlscode.com/) · [contact](http://www.blackgirlscode.com/contact-us.html)
- BeVisible: [site](http://bevisible.soy/) · [email](mailto:contact@bevisible.soy)
- ChickTech: [site](https://chicktech.org/) · [email](mailto:info@chicktech.org)
- Code2040: [site](http://www.code2040.org/mission/) · [email](mailto:info@code2040.org)
- Girl Develop It: [site](https://www.girldevelopit.com) · [email](mailto:partnerships@girldevelopit.com)
- Lesbians Who Tech: [site](https://lesbianswhotech.org/about) · [email](mailto:patty@lesbianswhotech.org)
- Technolochicas: [site](http://technolochicas.org/) · [email](mailto:technolochicas@ncwit.org)
- Techqueria: [site](https://techqueria.org/) · [email](mailto:organizers@techqueria.org)
- Trans\*H4CK: [site](http://transhack.org) · [email](mailto:hello@transhack.org)
- Women Who Code: [site](https://www.womenwhocode.com/about) · [contact](https://www.womenwhocode.com/networks)
- YesWeCode: [site](https://www.yeswecode.org/) · [email](mailto:info@yeswecode.org)

## Please add your group!

**The only criteria for adding your group to this list is that your group consists of people in the development/tech/web space.**

Please [edit this file](https://github.com/jlengstorf/awesome-speaker-diversity/edit/master/README.md) to add your group with the following format:

```
- Group Name: [site](http://example.com) · [email](mailto:contact@example.com)
```

## Why?

Recently, I got into [a debate about diversity](https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/6f8u2s/githubs_electronconf_postponed_because_all_the/digz7hb/) on Reddit, and it bummed me out.

The [ElectronConf](http://electronconf.com/) roster was 100% men, despite a blind review process. This points to a big issue: **there wasn't any diversity in the proposals to begin with, so the roster was doomed to be skewed.** Personally, I don't believe any of this was due to malice or ill intent, but an oversight on the part of the conference organizers to welcome proposals from a more diverse group of developers.

We can make this easier for conferences everywhere: this is a (far from exhaustive) list of developer groups we can reach out to during calls for proposals to make sure we're welcoming everyone in tech at our conferences.

Inviting a broader group of developers to submit proposals means more proposals, better conferences, more value for attendees, and a strong message to the tech community: **you are welcome here.**

Commit message:

Additional dev groups added
MotherCoders and Blacks in Technology

README.md, after:

# Everyone is welcome in tech. We should try to make them feel that way. ❤️ ✊

- [How This List Works](#how-this-list-works)
- [Developer Groups](#developer-groups)
- [How to Add a Group](#please-add-your-group)
- [Why Make This List?](#why)

## How this list works.

If you're planning an event, put together a simple email that says something like this:

> Hi, there!
> 
> I'm one of the organizers of {{CONF_NAME}}, and we're looking for speakers. We wanted to reach out to your community directly to let you know the call for proposals is open at {{CFP_LINK}}. We think the members of your group could offer a lot to our attendees, and we'd like to invite them all to submit ideas.
> 
> You can find out more about the conference at {{CONF_LINK}}, or reach out to me directly with any questions.
>
> If you're comfortable with it, we'd really appreciate it if you'd share the CFP with your community.
>
> Thanks!  
> {{YOUR_NAME}}

You can send this email to every group at once, if you'd like — though it'd probably pay dividends to personalize it a bit — and this ensures that your CFP is seen in as many communities as possible, encouraging submissions from a diverse group of developers and driving up the quality of the talks at your event.

## Developer Groups

Groups are in alphabetical order. Want to add your group? [Here's how!](#please-add-your-group)

- BeVisible: [site](http://bevisible.soy/) · [email](mailto:contact@bevisible.soy)
- Black Girls Code: [site](http://www.blackgirlscode.com/) · [contact](http://www.blackgirlscode.com/contact-us.html)
- Blacks in Technology (BIT): [site](https://www.blacksintechnology.net) · [email](contactus@blacksintechnology.net)
- ChickTech: [site](https://chicktech.org/) · [email](mailto:info@chicktech.org)
- Code2040: [site](http://www.code2040.org/mission/) · [email](mailto:info@code2040.org)
- Girl Develop It: [site](https://www.girldevelopit.com) · [email](mailto:partnerships@girldevelopit.com)
- Lesbians Who Tech: [site](https://lesbianswhotech.org/about) · [email](mailto:patty@lesbianswhotech.org)
- MotherCoders: [site](http://www.mothercoders.org/) · [email](info@mothercoders.org)
- Technolochicas: [site](http://technolochicas.org/) · [email](mailto:technolochicas@ncwit.org)
- Techqueria: [site](https://techqueria.org/) · [email](mailto:organizers@techqueria.org)
- Trans\*H4CK: [site](http://transhack.org) · [email](mailto:hello@transhack.org)
- Women Who Code: [site](https://www.womenwhocode.com/about) · [contact](https://www.womenwhocode.com/networks)
- YesWeCode: [site](https://www.yeswecode.org/) · [email](mailto:info@yeswecode.org)

## Please add your group!

**The only criteria for adding your group to this list is that your group consists of people in the development/tech/web space.**

Please [edit this file](https://github.com/jlengstorf/awesome-speaker-diversity/edit/master/README.md) to add your group with the following format:

```
- Group Name: [site](http://example.com) · [email](mailto:contact@example.com)
```

## Why?

Recently, I got into [a debate about diversity](https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/6f8u2s/githubs_electronconf_postponed_because_all_the/digz7hb/) on Reddit, and it bummed me out.

The [ElectronConf](http://electronconf.com/) roster was 100% men, despite a blind review process. This points to a big issue: **there wasn't any diversity in the proposals to begin with, so the roster was doomed to be skewed.** Personally, I don't believe any of this was due to malice or ill intent, but an oversight on the part of the conference organizers to welcome proposals from a more diverse group of developers.

We can make this easier for conferences everywhere: this is a (far from exhaustive) list of developer groups we can reach out to during calls for proposals to make sure we're welcoming everyone in tech at our conferences.

Inviting a broader group of developers to submit proposals means more proposals, better conferences, more value for attendees, and a strong message to the tech community: **you are welcome here.**
